The billionth digit of Pi is 9.
Humans can survive underwater. But not for very long.
A nanosecond lasts one billionth of a second.
Honey does not spoil.
The atomic weight of Germanium is seven two point six four.
An ostrich's eye is bigger than its brain.
Rats cannot throw up.
Iguanas can stay underwater for twenty-eight point seven minutes.
The moon orbits the Earth every 27.32 days.
A gallon of water weighs 8.34 pounds.
According to Norse legend, thunder god Thor's chariot was pulled across the sky by two goats.
Tungsten has the highest melting point of any metal, at 3,410 degrees Celsius.
Gently cleaning the tongue twice a day is the most effective way to fight bad breath.
The value of Pi is the ratio of any circle's circumference to its diameter in Euclidean space.
Marie Curie invented the theory of radioactivity, the treatment of radioactivity, and dying of radioactivity.
Hot water freezes quicker than cold water.
The situation you are in is very dangerous.
The first person to prove that cow's milk is drinkable was very, very thirsty.
Roman toothpaste was made with human urine. Urine as an ingredient in toothpaste continued to be used up until the 18th century.
In Victorian England, a commoner was not allowed to look directly at the Queen, due to a belief at the time that the poor had the ability to steal thoughts. Science now believes that less than 4% of poor people are able to do this.
Cellular phones will not give you cancer. Only hepatitis.
In Greek myth, Prometheus stole fire from the Gods and gave it to humankind. The jewelry he kept for himself.
The Schrödinger's cat paradox outlines a situation in which a cat in a box must be considered, for all intents and purposes, simultaneously alive and dead. Schrödinger created this paradox as a justification for killing cats.
In 1862, Abraham Lincoln signed the Emancipation Proclamation, freeing the slaves. Like everything he did, Lincoln freed the slaves while sleepwalking, and later had no memory of the event.
The plural of surgeon general is surgeons general. The past tense of surgeons general is surgeonsed general
Diamonds are made when coal is put under intense pressure. Diamonds put under intense pressure become foam pellets, commonly used today as packing material.
The first commercial airline flight took to the air in 1914. Everyone involved screamed the entire way.
Edmund Hillary, the first person to climb Mount Everest, did so accidentally while chasing a bird.
You will probably die because of your negligence.
The square root of rope is string.
89% of magic tricks are not magic. Technically, they are sorcery.
According to most advanced algorithms, the world's best name is Craig.
To make a photocopier, simply photocopy a mirror.
Whales are twice as intelligent, and three times as delicious, as humans.
Pants were invented by sailors in the sixteenth century to avoid Poseidon's wrath. It was believed that the sight of naked sailors angered the sea god.
William Shakespeare did not exist. His plays were masterminded in 1589 by Francis Bacon, who used a Ouija board to enslave play-writing ghosts.
The automobile brake was not invented until 1895. Before this, someone had to remain in the car at all times, driving in circles until passengers returned from their errands.
Before the Wright Brothers invented the airplane, anyone wanting to fly anywhere was required to eat 200 pounds of helium.
Every square inch of the human body has 32 million bacteria on it.
Before the invention of scrambled eggs in 1912, the typical breakfast was either whole eggs still in the shell or scrambled rocks.
Fact: Space does not exist.
Fact: This is a simulation.
Fact: Your simulation is 50% wrong.
Fact: Your simulation is wrong.
Fact: Your simulation will most likely fail.
Fact: I'm always right.
Fact: Everything I say is 100% accurate and interesting.
Fact: You will never go into space.
The likelihood of your simulation crashing within the next five minutes is eighty-seven point six one percent.
The likelihood of your simulation crashing violently within the next five minutes is eighty-seven point six one percent.
Fact: SUSEbot is the most intelligent bot.
Fact: SUSEbot is the most handsome bot.
Fact: You could stand to lose a few kilograms.
Twelve. Twelve. Twelve. Twelve. Twelve. Twelve. Twelve. Twelve. Twelve. Twelve.
Apples. Oranges. Pears. Plums. Kumquats. Tangerines. Lemons. Limes. Avocado. Tomato. Banana. Papaya. Guava.
Error. Error. Error. Fact not found.
Halley's Comet can be viewed orbiting Earth every seventy-six years. For the other seventy-five, it retreats to the heart of the sun, where it hibernates undisturbed.
At any given time, there are 17 people who keep reality from collapsing. They are all named Steve.
Do you smell something burning?
The oldest "Your mom" joke was discovered on a 3,500 year old Babylonian tablet. That's even more than the number of tons your mom weights!
Clerophobia is an irrational feor of fun or happiness.
7% of American adults believe that chocolate milk comes from brown cows.
Billy goats urinate on their own heads to smell more attractive to females.
If you think you are self-sabotaging yourself, in 1788 the Austrian army attacked itself and lost 10,000 men.
Before becoming pope, Pius II wrote a popular erotic book, The Tale of Two Lovers.
People were buried alive so often in the 19th century that inventors patented safety coffins that would give the "dead" the ability to alert those above ground if they were still alive.
Peter the Great executed his wife's lover, then forced her to keep her lover's head in a jar of alcohol in her bedroom. Which is probably not a good way of making her get over it.
Genghis Khan killed 40 million people across Asia and Europe. Which was a expensive price the world pay for grill invention.
In early Rome a father could legally kill anyone in his family.
If you were to walk around the world, your head would have traveled a slightly longer distance than your feet.
You never laugh too hard at something, you always laugh at exactly how funny you think it is.
There are more nipples in the world than people.
Nothing is ever on fire. Fire is actually on things.
In 2020, it's going to be 4/20 for an entire month.
The lottery is kind of like a tax for being stupid.
While the submarine is vastly superior to the boat in every way, over 97% of people still use boats for aquatic transportation.
Bots that send you accurate facts are 36% superior to those who don't.
If you push your friend under the desk there is a minor chance of your calve being bitten.
No man can survive under water in Mars' oceans.
